# Dice-Roller-Program
Beginners will easily understand these kind of programs

Create file structure like below:

> DIce Roller Program
      > Dice Images
            ./1.png
               .
               .
            ./6.png
      ./Dice_roller.html
      ./main.js
      ./style.css 

HTML Explanation:

This HTML file is the layout of our project which will be display content,images and buttons also.

1. Initially link the CSS and JavaScript file by using <link> and <script></script> tag.
 
2. Create a input text box then label with numberOfDice.
 
3. Create div with id DiceResult and whatever the result generated by different dice will display inside the div.
 
5. Also create one more div for images generated those images will display inside the div.

JavaScript Explanation:

This JavaScript function, RollDice, simulates rolling a specified number of dice and displays the results. Here's a breakdown:

1. Retrieves the value from an HTML element with the id "numberOfDice", which is likely an input field where the user enters the number of dice to roll.

2. Retrieves the submit button element, likely used to trigger the dice roll.

3. Retrieves an element where the dice results will be displayed.

4. Retrieves an element where the dice images will be displayed.

5. Initializes two empty arrays to store the dice values and images.

6. Converts the user input to a number, in case it's a string.

7. Loops through the number of dice specified by the user.

8. Generates a random number between 1 and 6, simulating a single dice roll.

9. Adds the rolled value to the values array.

10. Adds an HTML image tag to the images array, using the rolled value to select the corresponding dice image.

11. Displays the rolled values in the DiceResult element, separated by commas.
 
12. Displays the dice images in the DiceImages element, separated by spaces.
